hi guys so today's video is going to be
another weekend wear wardrobe video and
it's been a while since I last did one
of these a week my wardrobe one of my
most popular sets of videos cuz I think
that basically you guys like to see
normal people doing normal things and I
do do youtube but I actually have a
full-time job outside of YouTube at nine
to twelve o'clock at night sometimes so
I thought I'd do like a week in my work
wardrobe and I bought whole new bunch of
dresses that I just watched your night
and want to look good and look at
outside of work mm-hmm so let me try and
look good like while I'm at work as well
and I've also got a tops and bottom
video if you want to see it then just
leave a comment below and I hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to
follow me on Twitter and on Facebook and
on Instagram and like if you want to see
more about what I'm doing oh and I've
got my vlog channel now as well so yeah
I'll link my vlog channel down below and
then you can follow me wherever you
wanna follow me so I'll see you guys
later bye hi guys so today's Monday
first day in the week of my wardrobe and
this weeks basically going to be dresses
all week and yeah my makeup is really
really basic I always wear the same
makeup to work nothing special so the
dress I'm wearing is from mango and it's
a crossover dress and it looks like
two-part so you'll see when they walk
backwards it looks like two parts but
it's one dress and so me dresses are so
easy because I will never think of
anything to wear in the morning I just
pick up a dress and as long it looks
nice put it on and then you look put
together and I love the fabric and then
it's kind of this cross over top like
that so and you think drapey I think it
looks really elegant and I think the
color really suits me and yeah
so I'll show you from further away so
I'm hoping you can see it happen it's
not out of focus this is the dress
together so it looks like a two-piece
and it's a little short not too short
just kind of just above my knee I've
kind of got my arms covered and it's
quite elegant I don't
and I'm making a lot more effort to kind
of pretty you know and I hope we can see
around my heels yeah that's Monday hi
guys so it's Tuesday today again I'm
making effort this is where my new dress
is which is from Miss Selfridges and
there's a pesky flying here which is
really annoying but um I love this dress
again because coming up the dress that I
wore yesterday
it looks like I've put on made an effort
to wear find a nice top and find the
skirt but no this is just one dress and
it's got like a nice neckline here so
not too much on show fairly elegant it
isn't covering my arms but I think this
is okay so it has this belt that came a
bit so trendy but really elegant as well
I'll step back a bit and you might be
able to see that it's kind of a peplum
shape and I'm just wearing my hair to
the side I'll probably tie it back and
this necklace I was wearing it yesterday
it's from H&M so I'll show you it from
the back okay guys so here's the outfit
okay I'll put the dress like fully in
full view and I'm just gonna wear blazer
on top of this and yeah these are the
hills I'm wearing it with this is the
back of it and it's got a kind of gold
zip detail which is quite nice as well
and I don't feel like it's too much I
think it's quite nice don't okay I'll
see you tomorrow
hi guys so today's Wednesday a little
bit different wearing a bit more color
while I was wearing colors literally
throwing different shoes today and this
dress is it's not so form-fitting so I
have to wear a blazer on it to look nice
but it's from Zara and it's got a zip
down the front and it's got this kind of
ruching detail on it I'll show it from
the back so it can look a bit casual and
I definitely need to wear a blazer with
this to feel smart so here's the dress I
hope you can see who's the dress with
out the blazar so you can see it's got
the ruching here and I think that this
just you can after work you take off
your jacket lift it up a little bit well
part of time but for work you can kind
of wear it how it should be worn like
this looks fairly elegant
and I'll show it with the blazer on so
you can see it with the Blazer on it's
like really different and a lot more
corporate but still kind of stylish at
the same time and the shoes and wearing
of the shoes that I've had for ages from
mango it's Wednesday oh my god hi guys
so it's Thursday I'm kind of pushing the
boundaries with this dress it is a
little short so I'm probably going to
put types on with it but I love this
dress and it's from Miss Selfridges and
it's kind of right I don't know if you
can see it's black and white and it
makes it looks like a great kind of
looks kind of granular and stuff and
it's kind of like her same as that
zarbor's dress that I have that shape
kind of rocker goes out and it came with
the little belt that it's on so I will
step back and you see it further back so
here's what the dress looks like you can
see it is a little short and especially
good it's kind of round I think it draws
more attention to it so I definitely put
some on some tights of this but it's
really nice and it's very elegant I
think anyway and I'll show you it with a
blazer on hi guys
so it's Friday today I don't if you
kiddo I'm just really really tired glad
that the week is over we're almost over
I'm wearing flat shoes which I love them
I show you these are from Dorothy
Perkins they're moccasin types to choose
so I don't know if you can see the like
flap and stuff there and the Sun is just
going in which is just so annoying but
it's like so cute oh they're lovely so
comfortable and yeah the plain black
dress is literally because when I can't
be bothered
this always makes me look smart with
just a blaze on top so you gotta step
back and shame my outfit so here is the
dress I hope you can see here I say that
every day Dona but it's got kind of like
detailing here it kind of comes out but
not that much doesn't make me look a bit
frumpy so I'm look better than it in
heels but I just can't be bothered today
and then this blazer is from H&M and the
dress is a little low so also our vest
on the inside so it's not like much
clearly mm-hmm and yeah that's it this
is the lot so it's Friday and so I'll
see you guys another time I'll probably
do like another one or do check out my
other week in my wallet
I have balloons summit okay bye